I agree with her tbh something is off with this but thats ny 5 cents,
33. Amid the early days of the pandemic, stocks grew 38%, the most ever in a 50-day span. At the same time, thousands of small businesses were closing each day while thousands of people died from covid each day,
.C_Governor and members of the Coronavirus Task Force to share an update on COVID-19 today at 2 PM. View the live stream here:,
Hmmm corona still around us guys  what i can say stay safe n healthy my boys reasuremembers,
The folks who think Jesus is the Son of God also think they can ignore pandemic rules and pack churches because they think there's no way God would let them get sick while worshipping him.,
"We had to act super quickly &amp; deploy our local expertise and money to fill the gap left by government" Cllr lairekholland speaking at #LabLocal21 about the innovative work Lambeth has done in partnership with our communities to support &amp; protect residents through the pandemic,
In his first television interview since he took office, Sec. Blinken speaks with itchellreports about Iran’s nuclear program, China’s lack of transparency around the coronavirus pandemic, and condemns Russian President Putin’s crackdown on protesters.,
"Why am I feeling anxious for no reason?" she thought to herself almost a year into the ongoing deadly global pandemic which completely upended life as she knew it.,
India supplied Covid-19 vaccines to South Africa Impressed with this, Ex England cricketer Kevin Pietersen praised India Pakistan didn't like this &amp; they started attacking Kevin But Pakistani beggars forgot that they placed order for 17 million doses of Made-in-India vaccine,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
usiness lmao bloomberg really pumping the end of the pandemic hard, trying to squeeze more likes and engagement before the doom scrolling stops fully,
Guidelines issued by the Home Department on 1 February 2021 for surveillance, containment and caution to prevent infection of corona epidemic #Rajasthan 3/3,
This lede is a gut punch.,
Shock Dismay Pivot,
David Hyundai is not in Nigeria and he's already had COVID-19 and has some immunity. David Hyundai is actually trying to save your uninformed life before someone injects you with battery acid in the name of a vaccine that is categorically not available in Nigeria. But do you,
We only voted for our national mother. We went through all the difficulties in the middle of the global pandemic to vote for her. As a first time voter, I am so sad, angry and feel unfair for this situation! #against_the_military #We_need_democracy #AungSanSuuKyi_government,
UK secures 5 million doses of new coronavirus vaccine – BBC News,
Punxsutawney Phil prognosticating six more weeks of winter  Wish we could plan somewhere warm to go right now but there’s a pandemic. So, instead we’re just thinking back to warmer trips ,
There will always be corona virus mutations. The logic of locking down the borders for fear of corona virus mutations has no ending. Humanity has to figure out how to live with this virus as we have figured out how to live with all viruses, for all history.,
Commissioner Meitzner thanking frontline workers, who are exhausted, need time off, not too many days off during this pandemic for nearly one year.,
Horowitz: Congressman accuses CDC of misleading the public about need for vaccine for those already recovered from COVID-19,
For this month's ctiveCitiesUoS webinar I'm one of the speakers...  I'll be talking about temporary cycling infrastructure as part of the pandemic response, focusing on the #A56 in #Trafford. Sign up here: #cycling #ActiveTravel #LoveTheLanes,
ive been wondering why i’ve not gotten regular sick during the pandemic and it’s because i’m not doing shit like eating a cake that someone has blown all over.,
the #DEMOCRAT proposal is better for the country,
What are your thoughts on this video?,
"A study found that among positive PCR samples with a cycle count over 35 only 3% of samples showed viral replication. Simply put, the cycle number...should be available to the patient and the public." The first to do this was ovRonDeSantis,
$500K in federal coronavirus money used to build tubing hill in this Utah County, eiaLarsen ltrib reports:,
Some of the pandemic stories are really heartbreaking and it is so sad to see people in despair … but some people appearing on TV seem to believe they have a monopoly on heartbreak … when nearly every person in the land is suffering in one way or another.,
Mutant #Coronavirus #COVID19 in South Africa trending,
A total of 1,543 people have died due to Covid-19 in nursing homes, with 369 of those having occurred in the month of January. | Read more:,
lhanMN OC Y'all grow up, get off Twitter &amp; do your jobs, #FraudSquad. People are out of work, going homeless, starving, &amp; can't seek healthcare b/c it's unaffordable. There's also a #pandemic still raging.,
Now we know just how much Ivanka and Jared were making on the side while using taxpayer dollars to travel and stay at Trump properties during the ongoing pandemic.,
the strongest critique of free markets i've come up is the theory that our resource-scarcity driven minds become neurotic when resources are no longer scarce,
That’s what every co-perp says: “It was no biggie.”,
The response to the Covid-19 pandemic: lessons in governance and leadership by rofchrisham #COVID19 #Leadership,
Miami Facility Goes to the Dogs for COVID-19 | Cleaning &amp; Maintenance Management,
For more information about COVID-19 and additional testing locations in Illinois visit Only call 815-727-8670 to schedule your appt.,
Covid-19 Update There have been reports of South African variant in the PR8 postcode area &amp; testing available at Splash World - both incorrect. Efforts are being focused on parts of the PR9 postcode area, including a mobile testing unit and door to door home testing kits.,
Corona showed me that if the world truly was ending, Disneyland would still be open.,
Pfizer Inc on Tuesday forecast sales of about $15 billion from the coronavirus vaccine that it is making along with German partner BioNTech and raised its full-year profit forecast. The company said it expects total 2021 revenue of between$59.4 billion and $61.4 billion.,
According to Michael Gove, Brexit teething problems are anything but temporary... He's calling for an extension to the grace period on full checks on goods crossing the Irish Sea. But that's an infinite loop, because they'll NEVER be ready.,
I wonder How much coronavirus gets stuck in guys beards,
TOMORROW: We're in court for our judicial review hearing over Government's persistent failure to come clean about COVID-19 contracts - including those in its infamous VIP lane. Live updates here from 10.30am. ebbie_abrahams arolineLucas aylaMoran,
Now we know just how much Ivanka and Jared were making on the side while using taxpayer dollars to travel and stay at Trump properties during the ongoing pandemic.,
Really interesting discussion heRRNetwork about rights, best interests, making person-centred procedural plans and the COVID-19 vaccination. immyJimrid aulaHopes1 dwinjonesPBS dnursedave Thank you for inviting me to be part of the panel!,
“Many women are going to be heavily impacted by COVID-19. We need data so that policymakers can see this is an urgent issue” larewenham on gender-disaggregated data's crucial role in preventing women from being disproportionately impacted by this crisis,
There is only one reason ustinTrudeau and Cabinet refuse to release Canada’s COVID-19 vaccine contracts with manufacturers to Parliament: access and terms aren’t as they claim. Their disdain for Parliament and Canadians is absolute.,
We,the citizens of Myanmar are totally against the current action of Military Coup.We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need Justice, freedom &amp; a better future. #SaveMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #RejectTheMilitary,
India supplied Covid-19 vaccines to South Africa Impressed with this, Ex England cricketer Kevin Pietersen praised India Pakistan didn't like this &amp; they started attacking Kevin But Pakistani beggars forgot that they placed order for 17 million doses of Made-in-India vaccine,
Groundhog Day, except that it's a roll of Royale extra plush predicting how many more weeks of shit ticket hoarding, due to the pandemic, we have.,
Some important recommendations from ttawaHealth. In particular, need for #PaidSickDays for all workers and universal access to #mentalhealth and #addiction care. The pandemic is highlighting both the strengths of our system and where gaps exist that need to be fixed.,
| Corona crisis kills classic race on MotoGP calendar,
Congress must pass COVID-19 relief. There's the White House’s $1.9 trillion plan and then there's the $618 billion counter-offer from 10 Senate Republicans which completely cuts more support for states/cities, a monthly child benefit, raising the minimum wa-- should we continue?,
okoMorroco ramerrjoee iersmorgan arcusRashford aptaintommoore Still doesn't make it right for a frail 100 year old man to jet off on holiday during a pandemic when we are constantly being told to stay at home to save the NHS.,
queen dolly,
Study: "The available evidence suggests that near-universal adoption of nonmedical masks when out in public, in combination with complementary public health measures, could successfully reduce Re to below 1, thereby reducing community spread if such measures are sustained. ",
One month into the care home vaccination programme, I am deeply concerned to be seeing covid-19 infection outbreaks among first dose vaccinated residents within, and beyond 21 days of vaccination. Are any other clinicians seeing this happening?,
This budget will be the first of the new decade &amp; will also be a digital budget. The contraction in our economy is due to a global pandemic, just like in several other countries. Our govt is fully prepared to support &amp; facilitate the economy's reset. #AatmanirbharBharatKaBudget,
I am hearing from many of my trialists friends worldwide that there are also vanishing number of tubes to collect blood tests for clinical trials &amp; new patients can’t be accommodated ... enrollment dropping ... 6 month shortage expected Are you hearing the same?,
Well, this is going to get awkward for geopolitics b/c this is being rolled out cheaply to developing nations, unlike the big pharma ones.,
i’m taking the book on how to make the 10k ,
It is not a paperless budget but a toothless budget that will further ruin the post-pandemic economy. The finance ministry seemed to sleeping all this while. It is just making the rich richer and the poor poorer. #BluffBudget2021,
Can you imagine Tories Austerity 2.0? The future is fucking bleak.,
TOMORROW: We're in court for our judicial review hearing over Government's persistent failure to come clean about COVID-19 contracts - including those in its infamous VIP lane. Live updates here from 10.30am. ebbie_abrahams arolineLucas aylaMoran,
Now we know just how much Ivanka and Jared were making on the side while using taxpayer dollars to travel and stay at Trump properties during the ongoing pandemic.,
For more detailed information about the vaccine, visit:,
We are fighting Corona and your concern is about group sex. Mctew,
Capitalism is when a vaccine to a deadly pandemic exists but we can’t create or distribute enough of it because two pharmaceutical conglomerates refuse to lose out on shareholder profits by sharing the patent information.,
Capitalism is when a vaccine to a deadly pandemic exists but we can’t create or distribute enough of it because two pharmaceutical conglomerates refuse to lose out on shareholder profits by sharing the patent information.,
PTF: State House clinic to get COVID-19 testing laboratory,
The (possibly) largest COVID-19 mass vaccination in the U.S. opens today at the Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth. Denton County officials aim to vaccinate 10,000/day over 3 days. scudder is at the scene: Bkrd via nnadfwfood,
Pandemic boost for beleaguered music industry - #BuzzMyVideos uzzMyVideos,
The Standing Committee on Public Accounts has called for an open tender process for the storage and distribution of the country's Covid-19 vaccines. #sabcnews,
eplicantpinky Pandemic excuse now,
The pandemic has had complex impacts on families. CPC researcher &amp; society champion for families, ereilliHarris, has found that home working has improved reported parent-child relationships, but the results may not be as simple as they appear:,
The vaccine shortage doesn't need to exist. Pfizer and Moderna could share their design with the dozens of other pharma companies who stand ready to produce their vaccines and end the pandemic.,
RunnerSub5 auli_jolly yVintageSoul endizzle__ evaduhh No need to be mean, just because the trend is cases are decreasing doesn’t mean Covid can’t resurge. Case incidence is high and if people get complacent and stop staying home the pandemic won’t be over anytime soon and could get worse,
ainKPorter from rf_uk tells the ommonsWorkPen "#UniversalCredit has been designed to be responsive to income and therefore it does focus support on those with the lowest incomes... some of these low paid workers like the nurses and cleaners getting us through this pandemic,
#Budget2021 was designed to give an impetus to the COVID-hit economy by focusing on resilience, building an #AtmaNirbharBharat &amp;recovering from the impact of the pandemic. Read INDIA UNION BUDGET 2021, An Overview, for our analysis of the Budget.,
Ending the pandemic. This ain't life at all.,
I’m replacing “in a PANDEMIC?” with “during BLACK HISTORY MONTH” — please be advised,
The new variant of Covid-19 has been found in postcode area CR4 (which borders Tooting SW16/SW17). As onAshworth just said in Parliament, people here use the same shops, same hospital and same parks - so it's important that mass-testing is expanded to neighbouring postcodes.,
Now we know just how much Ivanka and Jared were making on the side while using taxpayer dollars to travel and stay at Trump properties during the ongoing pandemic.,
FOOTBALL: Florentino Perez, the President of Real Madrid, has tested positive for coronavirus.,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
#PTILeadingEconomicReforms 91.......and expressed concern that the second wave of the coronavirus could spell more trouble for the country. FP_Faheem,
Why doesn’t Congress just come out with a plan to help Americans by setting up monthly payments until the pandemic is over?! It’s not like the National Debt is ever going away...like Janet Yellin and others have said “the time to go big is NOW!,
If billionaires can make $1,000,000,000,000 during a pandemic, I think we can make universal health care a reality. RT if you agree.,
this is a mess. please keep away from them and observe social distancing because ITS STILL PANDEMIC. Also, dont push the members please. keep them safe please,
whats happening now??? also farmers are going into huge debts which have just gotten worse due to this pandemic ( biggest reason for the suicides ) the farmers are even protesting in the capital protesters are getting tear gassed and water hosed at these protests,
HERE IT IS! A year and a half of blood, sweat, tears, tire grease, conjuring spirits, exorcizing transphobia, and more... through a pandemic/social revolutions/dawn of a new era, I DIRECTED A SERIES FOR HBO!!! Check out this labor of love #TheLadyandTheDale BODocs BO BOMax,
Pfizer sees $15 billion in 2021 sales from COVID-19 vaccine,
Democrats’ relief legislation: $1.9 trillion 10 Senate Republicans’ counteroffer: $600 billion Ted Cruz’s plan: $0,
SCOOP: The Biden admin and COVID-19 vaccine producers are discussing ways to ramp up manufacturing over the next several months, including partnering with additional pharmaceutical firms to help bottle the vaccine for distribution.,
Russia's Sputnik V coronavirus vaccine gives around 92% protection, late stage trial results reveal,
I can’t believe I sang in front of this man ,
Sergio Aguero still ‘weeks’ away from return despite Covid-19 recovery,
The vaccine shortage doesn't need to exist. Pfizer and Moderna could share their design with the dozens of other pharma companies who stand ready to produce their vaccines and end the pandemic.,
Good job #ontario Ontario reports 745 new COVID-19 cases excluding Toronto due to data cleanup via p24,
#FreeJoanaMamombe #FreeCeciliaChimbiri Free!Our!Girls!!!!!!!!!!!! #ZanupfMustGo #ZimbabweanLivesMatter,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
Angela Merkel says everyone in Germany should have been offered a coronavirus vaccine by the end of September.,
People are pandemic horny this time around.,
ovMikeDeWine ranDeWine Hdeptofhealth The vaccination locator at is horrible. Drill down, redirect to a provider's web page, drill down (again!) only to find no appointments available, back up to provider's location selector... on and on!!! This vaccine rollout sucks BIGTIME!,
End the pandemic right now so I can got to Tottenham games and encourage us to actually attack,
CDC report says 62 percent of nursing home workers refused COVID-19 vaccines,
They finally get it! Ireland could quit bloc as EU disrespect now clear - ex-diplomat,
We,the citizens of Myanmar are totally against the current action of Military Coup.We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need Justice, freedom &amp; a better future #SaveMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #RejectTheMilitary,
Families remember loved ones lost to COVID-19 via ouTube,
Now we know just how much Ivanka and Jared were making on the side while using taxpayer dollars to travel and stay at Trump properties during the ongoing pandemic.,
Feeling like you’re hitting a “pandemic wall”? You’re not alone, join us this morning to hear from Dr. Bruria Adini, a disaster management expert about navigating fear, anxiety and resilience during COVID:,
More BCNews: Data issues mean just 745 new COVID-19 cases officially logged in Ontario.,
Help usI'm still students I haven't even attended first year of university yet till now passed 10th grade since 2020 because covid-19 and then now country Instability situation I'm so worried for my future  #SaveMyanmar #We_need_democracy #Aung_San_Suu_Kyi_government,
there's a difference between "stay inside for 2 months because of an unprecedented biological pandemic" and "stay inside for 2 years because the government is too cruel and incompetent to care about your life",
AI-defined COVID-19 testing strategy could lead to fewer infections | #AI #MachineLearning #COVID19 #HealthCare,
929 regarding the vaccine we could have invested in our own country but we bet on other countries with their own citizens, during a pandemic.,
India supplied Covid-19 vaccines to South Africa Impressed with this, Ex England cricketer Kevin Pietersen praised India Pakistan didn't like this &amp; they started attacking Kevin But Pakistani beggars forgot that they placed order for 17 million doses of Made-in-India vaccine,
That will make Gates him and his investment happy. Also BioNtech has the same lab in Wuhan,
President Biden is tackling the pandemic head-on. Together, we’re going to build back better.,
This Massachusetts physician says it’s time for hospitals to end their no visitation policies due to #COVID19. It made sense early on in the pandemic when we didn’t have enough masks, PPE, &amp; testing kits; but things are different now.,
Students for Seva, Panjab University is organising a COVID-19 testing/assistance camp for the University students. Fill the Google form: to get yourself registered.,
In our Annual Letter, illGates and I reflect on the hard work, heroism, and global cooperation that brought us closer to ending this pandemic, and why prioritizing equity must come next. I hope you’ll read it.,
Adrenaline helped push companies through early stages of the pandemic. But deep fatigue sets in after adrenaline dissipates. Head of #DataAnalytics for ooglecloud, runoaziza, shared cKinsey's article on what leaders are doing to reenergize.,
What are your thoughts on this video?,
Like Italy, another country where there’s been big public push-back. As soon as businesses defy the bans in enough numbers and people take to streets en masse (as they did in Vienna) the govt announces an easing of restrictions. There’s a big lesson here for the UK.,
COVID-19 TASK FORCE AWARENESS Hello everyone. If you are coming to school(Unilorin), please ensure that you're using your face mask. Not just putting it on your chin. There's a task force on campus. They are detaining errant students. There is also fine involved.,
I need to stop receiving emails from my employer during a global pandemic advertising workshops on the importance of wellness and breathing ,
With SARS CoV(2) in human sewage in Europe/Brazil in November 2019, it makes sense that it was floating around China in October or before...,
Hello! I’m Julia-I run veryDoctorUK We’re doctors who want to inform the public about what’s happening on the NHS COVID-19 frontline There’s only 1 thing for it; we’re launching our own press conferences. The 1st will be on Thursday,11am. Please RT to spread the word!,
evSnow67 Ah. All the stores I need are between my home and the office, so the pandemic really changed up my shopping.,
Joe had the virus twice while recovering from being hit by a car.,
The vaccine shortage doesn't need to exist. Pfizer and Moderna could share their design with the dozens of other pharma companies who stand ready to produce their vaccines and end the pandemic.,
The vaccine shortage doesn't need to exist. Pfizer and Moderna could share their design with the dozens of other pharma companies who stand ready to produce their vaccines and end the pandemic.,
This pandemic is so bad, I wanna hide in something soft till it´s over, but what could this be? Jglamour ,
"Why am I feeling anxious for no reason?" she thought to herself almost a year into the ongoing deadly global pandemic which completely upended life as she knew it.,
A company that runs part of the UK’s COVID-19 Test and Trace system has been hit by ransomware, according to reports- only mainland European operations were impacted, NHS Test and Trace was unaffected. #HealthcareCyberAlliance Read via nfosecurityMag:,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
The dczimbabwe youth leaders oanaMamombe &amp; eechimbiri2 have been sent to Chikurubi Prison after allegations that they shouted at police saying “do not to arrest people, release them.” How does this justify jailing the 2 opposition youth leaders during a PANDEMIC? #DemLoot,
Radiolab story callout! I'm on the hunt for far-flung, non-obvious, under-reported ripple effects of COVID. Odd ways that the pandemic has turned your world upside down for the better or for the worse. My DMs are open!,
Seven more coronavirus deaths have been recorded in Sri Lanka as cited by the Epidemiology Unit. COVID-19 related death toll up to 330. #SriLanka #lka #coronavirus #COVID19,
One year on from the COVID-19 outbreak, we take a look at popular search terms. From expected to bizarre, take a look. via ebekahDunne: #Google #HeyGoogle oogle,
A genuinely deady pandemic doesn't require a 24/7 government ad campaign to remind you about it.,
Nicola Sturgeon: "Pressure on the NHS does continue to be severe. The number of patients being treated in hospital remains around 30% above the high point of the first wave back in April last year.",
WAR ROOM PANDEMIC,
"AP: Have you gotten your shot? Parton: No. I’m not going to get mine until some more people get theirs. I don’t want it to look like I’m jumping the line just because I donated money. I’m very funny about that.",
I feel SEEN,
Republicans supported a $2.3 trillion tax cut for millionaires and billionaires They can't claim that $1.9 trillion is too much for ordinary Americans who are struggling to survive during the pandemic,
When life was #corona_free ...2 years ago  #corona go go go,
We in ovid19critical find that benefits of some interventions in medicine, although rare, are detectable.. without need for large RCT's. Ivermectin's impacts in COVID-19 is one of them my friends.. more docs are "seeing" it with their very own eyes..,
late 20s is such a weird place to be. some live alone, some with parents. some own properties, some still figuring out where to invest. some at their peak career. some trying to graduate, get a job. some happily married with kids, some struggling to meet people in the pandemic.,
Weird that instead of injecting it into your arm, you just plug a flash drive into your computer #SputnikV,
Brazos County reports fewer than 100 new daily COVID-19 cases for first time in 2021,
Keep the story alive . There has to be accountability hiteHouse,
A study has found that the job with the highest mortality rate from COVID-19 is line cook. All the arguments about re-opening indoor or outdoor dining should take this into account.,
Coronavirus infections have plummeted by 30% over the last three weeks Some good news!,
If the industry is doing record numbers, why are creatives going hungry?,
UiTM Sg Buloh head nurse, Artini Dzolkarnaini, 41 was a mother of five. She died this morning. She was infected w Covid-19 mid last month. Her baby, born prematurely at 30 weeks due to complications related to Covid-19 is still in NICU.,
"Why am I feeling anxious for no reason?" she thought to herself almost a year into the ongoing deadly global pandemic which completely upended life as she knew it.,
NFHS: majority of sports-related spread of COVID-19 appears to occur from social contact, not during sports participation.,
"sharing the vaccine design will end the pandemic" someone sign him up for the nobel peace prize, he's a fricken genious why didn't i think of that,
NBA is following the rest of the Big Business world in throwing away all the precautions they put in place last year when the pandemic was much less dangerous than it is today. It's just so jarring. We remember how it "wasn't safe" then so we know it's still not safe now.,
St. Louis-area nursing homes find creative ways to keep residents engaged amid pandemic via tltoday,
The Last of Us meets The Division in The Day Before, an open-world post-pandemic MMO set in an America overrun by flesh-hungry infected humans.,
Hello! I’m Julia-I run veryDoctorUK We’re doctors who want to inform the public about what’s happening on the NHS COVID-19 frontline There’s only 1 thing for it; we’re launching our own press conferences. The 1st will be on Thursday,11am. Please RT to spread the word!,
pandemic ends, respectfully.,
Man I’m so tired of this pandemic,
onahOne Sounds like a good dream! Hopefully soon this pandemic will be behind us and we can make it reality! ,
The covid-19 pandemic is taking a harsh toll on healthcare workers. “52,000 NHS staff are off sick with covid.”Over 900 NHS family workers are thought to have died of covid last year &amp; the figure is climbing by the day! The morale of the NHS is rock bottom! The NHS needs PAYRISE,
Taiwan develops 15-minute rapid test kit for COVID-19 | Taiwan News | RTI via ouTube,
Warnings that next pandemic could be deadly Black Plague-like fungus,
OK — Ontario reports 745 COVID-19 cases Tues w 14 deaths. With the caveats below, the 7-day avg is down to 1,746 cases daily or 84 weekly per 100k. The 7-day avg for deaths is down to 47.0/day. Labs have 28,552 completed tests (fewest since Nov. 24) w. 4.6% positive (also low),
Taiwan’s police are trusted members of our community who play a key role in fighting this pandemic. A big thank you to all our officers in uniform for working day &amp; night on the frontlines to contain the virus &amp; take care of everyone in #Taiwan. We are safer because of you.,
The CDC may start to recommend wearing two masks at the same time to keep more contagious variants of the coronavirus at bay,
aulKrugman ...the G.O.P. proposal is grotesquely inadequate for a nation still ravaged by the coronavirus pandemic. Republicans have forfeited any right to play the bipartisanship card, or even to be afforded any presumption of good faith,
Around 1 in 3 people who have Covid-19 have no symptoms. Act like you’ve got it. Stay Home. Protect the NHS. Save Lives,
Ego really set the mood for Mots:7 I really wonder how would it been if there wasnt corona and the stadiums wouldve reverberate "Thats my egoo~~ yeah that my egoo..ego ego ego .."#1YearWithEgo,
S&amp;P: Biden coronavirus relief proposal would restore economy by summer,
THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE. Yes, the Texas AG sued the moratorium on deportations that the Biden announced, but this DOES NOT mean that these unjust and inhumane deportations can't be stopped. CEgov still has the discretion. ICE needs to be held accountable and they have a new boss.,
Study finds a higher risk for COVID-19 infection among Black Health Care Workes partly due to a higher likelihood of exposure at home or use of public transportation. reetiNMalani anielEDawes eanAccius olicydeb ngiehoughton erryKeenanPhD rniiquartelai oamtheDomes,
The vaccine shortage doesn't need to exist. Pfizer and Moderna could share their design with the dozens of other pharma companies who stand ready to produce their vaccines and end the pandemic.,
BREAKING; FDA APPROVES KNUST’s HERBAL MEDICINE FOR CLINICAL TRIAL ON COVID-19 TREATMENT. #KNUSTLive. #CalabashRoyalKitchen.,
The MHA keeps members apprised of pandemic-related developments affecting hospitals through email updates and the MHA Coronavirus webpage. Read the latest hospital #COVID19 updates at,
Any other medics/ care home staff seeing similar?,
I dressed like a grown up during a pandemic, got my green juice, and got my Zoom face ready. We’re set to help some creative youngins. Day .,
The CDC may start to recommend wearing two masks at the same time to keep more contagious variants of the coronavirus at bay,
AND ALL THE BOATS FROM FRANCE ARE LANDING HERE,
anksClan All in the name of drowning govt in a bathtub. Even in the height of a #pandemic, GOP is still more concerned with their $ than human life.,
Fuck cancer and corona too.,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
The next President will deal with the following: Bad economy West Philippine Sea Covid-19 P12T national debt Corruption, drugs, peace and order 50% increase in IRA 17.7% unemployment rate 30.7% hunger rate MUP Pension (P9.6T seed fund) Low tax revenue Apply now, suffer later.,
The deadly pandemic. A broken economy. The climate crisis. So many emergencies requiring leadership and governance. Instead, America had a man perpetrating lies about the election &amp; plotting a coup—which almost succeeded—to keep him in power, then continue to ignore real crises.,
Thinking of using your $600 stimulus check to cover basic expenses during the pandemic? Here’s a helpful tool from nvestNowUSA. Don’t set your sights on luxury items like “rent” or “groceries” and you’ll be fine, right eaderMcConnell?,
ndy_In_The_UK “We’ll just extend it anyway. Prols can’t do anything about it”,
Russia was right all along,
aryKelly11 Ancel Keys is primarily responsible for Dietary Guidelines that have wreaked havoc with people’s health &amp; spawned an obesity &amp; diabetes epidemic worldwide. Scientists should question &amp; be open to being challenged, troglodytes notwithstanding,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
up it to at least 100k then we can #talksoon,
Finally, the feds make the right decision and I am glad that they didn't make the deal with China like all federal deals which go to the Chinese companies that own by the Chinese government.,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Schools have been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm worried about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
Late game against coronavirus is hard. Much easier if we manage to keep it as small as possible through constant atracks even if low tech. Of course we win with a vaccination attack at the end but we already need to gain an advantage before that.,
More reasons stimulus pkg hasn’t been approved-&gt;House Dems Seek to Include Amnesty for Illegals in Coronavirus Package,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
I will never accept the Military's governments and I will never obey their commands ! #RejectTheMilitary #AungSanSuuKyi_government #SaveMyanmar,
BREAKING: Russia’s Sputnik V vaccine, criticized for its early rollout, is 91.6% effective against symptomatic Covid-19 and 100% effective against serious illness, according to an interim analysis,
#CovidVaccineForPakistan Corona vaccine has been introduced in Pakistan. The first vaccine was administered to a medical doctor in the presence of the Prime Minister of Pakistan. umz_Rao MF__Rocks_ anveerrajpk,
Help usI'm still students I haven't even attended first year of university yet till now passed 10th grade since 2020 because covid-19 and then now country Instability situation I'm so worried for my future  #SaveMyanmar #We_need_democracy #Aung_San_Suu_Kyi_government,
A Banbury area doctor publishes a compelling and important book from inside the NHS about the first four months of the Covid-19 pandemic as it gripped Britain last year octor_oxford hhosp,
Newsom approval plummeting; a third of voters support recall amid COVID-19 criticism,
Nebraska the only logical answer that bitch got a total population of 30,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
Made us look like punks again. Commies are known for their quality meds if they can keep em in stock.,
#PTILeadingEconomicReforms 99......Prime Minister Imran said Pakistan had stabilised its economy and was "heading in the right direction" when Covid-19 hit. FP_Faheem,
'Regenerative tourism' takes centre stage as pandemic forces travel industry to re-evaluate,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
Now we know just how much Ivanka and Jared were making on the side while using taxpayer dollars to travel and stay at Trump properties during the ongoing pandemic.,
me &amp; the girls when the pandemic is over,
Capitalism is when a vaccine to a deadly pandemic exists but we can’t create or distribute enough of it because two pharmaceutical conglomerates refuse to lose out on shareholder profits by sharing the patent information.,
I’m replacing “in a PANDEMIC?” with “during BLACK HISTORY MONTH” — please be advised,
ordnation illwalkermpp iartonWillie Throwback to before the pandemic and Ford couldn't go anywhere in public of he gets booed.,
This is total BS, ordnation get your shit together,
Remember to: - Wear a mask - Wash your hands - Practice social distancing Your actions can save lives and change the course of this pandemic.,
Ontario reports fewer than 1,000 new COVID-19 cases for the first time in nearly three months. However, a data correction from Toronto Public Health has resulted in a significant underestimation of today's cases.,
Republicans Present $1,000 Stimulus Checks as Counteroffer to Biden's Coronavirus Relief via ahoo THE REPUBLICAN PARTY SHOULD RENAMED THEMSELVES THE PUTIN PARTY,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
Charlottesville, VA-based MicroGEM has recently purchased Nashua, NH's Jump Start Manufacturing, LLC, and will soon increase production of Covid-19 rapid tests, creating many new jobs in the Granite State.,
ept_of_AHD sitharaman irirajsinghbjp rsanjeevbalyan tul1chaturvedi uraiya95 inMinIndia sitharamanoffc anuragthakur IPPGOI imGOI sitharaman Respected Madam, Poultry is playing very vital role in aatmanirbhar Bharat, like other business we are also victims of COVID-19 and rumours of bird flu, any special package to industry will help farmers to earn their livelihood once again,
97% of the population of marondera have tested positive for Coronavirus. 100% don't have access to clean water and adequate food after they were evicted from their homes last month. None of them have access to healthcare facilities. They need help!,
He has little dolls that he moves around on a map, representing people. I’m surprised he doesn’t use an ant farm to represent people. He’s pretty excited about his Global Alert System. I can’t tell whose creepier — this sociopath or Mark Zuckerberg.,
I hate when professors ask “how was everyone’s weekend” and expect us to answer  like dude I’m depressed in a pandemic, just teach the damn class.,
We only voted for our national mother. We went through all the difficulties in the middle of the global pandemic to vote for her. As a first time voter, I am so sad, angry and feel unfair for this situation! #RejectTheMilitary #Weneeddemocracy #AungSanSuuKyi_government,
Another day, another broken promise by the Welsh Labour Government. Welsh farmers had been promised seven times that NVZ regulations would not be imposed during the pandemic. Labour’s broken promise will put vital jobs in our rural communities at risk. They must think again,
80 suspects have been arrested after Chinese security agencies busted a criminal syndicate involved in producing and selling counterfeit COVID-19 vaccines; 3,000 fake doses were confiscated: China's Ministry of Public Security,
The real victims here are British taxpayers whose good faith and extraordinary welcome during a global pandemic are being thrown back in their faces...,
Please add a tool to your website so that your citizens can run these for a given period of time.,
Legislators will not have to undergo a COVID-19 test for attending the Budget Session of the Odisha Assembly that will begin on February 18.,
THE. PANDEMIC. ISN'T. OVER. JUST. BECAUSE. YOU'RE. OVER. IT. ,
Ontario reports 745 new coronavirus cases, notes underestimation from data system migration,
#CovidVaccineForPakistan We pay tribute to this step of Imran Khan and hope that in future Pakistan will be completely safe from epidemics like corona virus umz_Rao MF__Rocks_ anveerrajpk,
BREAKING: Wuse market, UTC and Murg Plaza sealed for failing to adhere to the established health protocols on coronavirus. #AbujaTwitterCommunity,
anax420 I honestly think that it has to do with comfortability and the fact that people just don’t want to change their way of life because it’s just convenient for them to pretend like the pandemic won’t directly effect them,
Pfizer Inc on Tuesday forecast sales of about $15 billion from the coronavirus vaccine that it is making along with German partner BioNTech and raised its full-year profit forecast. The company said it expects total 2021 revenue of between$59.4 billion and $61.4 billion.,
Pakistanis and Islamists attack former England cricketer after he thanked ‘beloved country’ India for Covid-19 vaccines,
It’s better to wear your mask  than to be on a ventilator. Let’s mask up guys COVID-19 is real. alexSWIFT #MaskUpGhana,
Oh dear God,
Today is Japan's "Setsubun" day. It is a day to pray for your wishes while eating "Ehomaki". I made it after a long time. May the coronavirus disappear as soon as possible ... #Ehomaki,
Criticized by the CNN? Abeg shift,
It’s important to consider the effects of our policies. The COVID recession may kill more Americans than COVID-19 does – Fortune,
Hey Guys, my cousin is still desperately looking for a job. She just left yet another call center cos they paid her R1200 for the month. If anyone knows anything, please DM me. I’ll be forever grateful. ,
We,the citizens of Myanmar are totally against the current action of Military Coup.We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need Justice, freedom &amp; a better future. #SaveMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #RejectTheMilitary,
Doug Ford, like Xi Jinping, wants to silence doctors critical of the government's pandemic response.,
David Plouffe just pointed out that the same Republicans who are against the $1.9 Trillion package to help people who are struggling during this pandemic, voted for a $2 trillion tax cut for the wealthiest Americans two years ago. #VoteBlueAlways avidplouffe icolleDWallace,
This lede is a gut punch.,
We,the citizens of Myanmar are totally against the current action of Military Coup.We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need Justice, freedom &amp; a better future #SaveMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #RejectTheMilitary,
Nearly half of US COVID-19 case, vaccination race/ethnicity data is missing,
#DailyMap #ERCC #EUCivPro ECHO Daily Map of 02 February 2021 Overview of COVID-19 related UCPM requests for assistance in 2020,
Stay safe, everyone!  #HandsFaceSpace,
Save Myanmar . Let's try together for our country and our future generations  We need a government led by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, who is truly in power #SaveMyanmar #WhatishappeninginMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #Westandwithaungsansuukyi #RejectTheMilitary,
You know what’s pain? Knowing Killing Eve would be teasing the season 4 this month with promo and short clips because it would have been filmed but a pandemic decided to happen,
I'm a university student in Myanmar. Our uni has been closed for one year due to the Corona pandemic. On Feb 1, Our democratically elected leaders have been detained by the military. I'm too scared to think about our future. We need democracy! #SaveMyanmar #Reject_the_Military,
One year on from the COVID-19 outbreak, we take a look at popular search terms. From expected to bizarre, take a look. via ebekahDunne: #Google #HeyGoogle oogle,
The pandemic has so broken me I'm just sobbing with joy watching this ancient bat relive his glory days of flying,
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today is expected to announce the makings of an agreement to produce COVID-19 vaccines within Canada.,
Vaccine getting rolled out. Tell them to get me my money.,
The Sputnik V vaccine, developed in Russia, has been shown to be 91.6% effective against the coronavirus, according to a new peer-reviewed analysis in the medical journal The Lancet.,
People living or working in parts of the WS2 postcode area are strongly encouraged to take a COVID-19 test this week, even if they are not showing symptoms. More info...,
ationBreaking Raila Odinga understands the challenges Local leaders go through but doesn't understand the challenges Doctors &amp; other health workers go through. He feels car grants are okay but paying Health workers is where he draws the line since there is no Money due to the pandemic.,
Jaw dropping thread this. It explains a lot frankly.,
So influencers influenced the numbers abi wetin dey sup?,
100 House Democrats want to include amnesty in the COVID-19 relief bill? HELL NO!,
NEWS BRIEF : NEWS,TRENDING,TRUTH CDC Data Reports at Least 273 Deaths &amp; 9,845 Adverse Events to COVID-19 Vaccine Thus Far daniel_gby daniel_g14 hours ago14 hours... Posted via Webtalk,
Wasn't sure if we'd see the effects of the new vaccination centres so soon, but apparently, we will! Over 35k new vaccination doses reported today, up about 12k from last Tuesday!  #covid19scotland #coronavirusscotland #DailyCovidUpdate,
"Confluence of high debt levels, climate vulnerabilities and the impact of the pandemic on tourism-dependent countries represents an existential threat to Grenada" Read urodad latest collaborative blog on Grenada, Covid-19 and debt ,
2 doses given to Tory friends, relatives and donors!,
Once again thnx to china who gives us corona vaccine.. aisalAwan803 #CovidVaccineForPakistan,
Report: Watchdog Investigates Ted Cruz Over Loan Changes That Aided Billionaire Donors: they are all crooks!!!,
inybearhands I loooked and rn I can only see Park Services for UO. Normally I wouldn’t mind but not during a pandemic ,
llakodj_ arlaylaymarie this pandemic continues to take from us,
Man. After the world gets a bit back to normal I want to see arMarSuperstar Amma be his first post pandemic first kiss,
We only voted for our national mother. We went through all the difficulties in the middle of the global pandemic to vote for her. As a first time voter, I am so sad, angry and feel unfair for this situation! #SaveMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #RejectTheMilitary,
“They couldn’t understand what kept the stock market going. I’d tell them, ‘The key to that is the Fed. You want to pay attention to the economy, but you need to pay even more attention to the Fed.’ ”- a PM in this excellent ndacurran nsteyAsia piece,
The Sputnik V vaccine, developed in Russia, has been shown to be 91.6% effective against the coronavirus, according to a new peer-reviewed analysis in the medical journal The Lancet.,
 NOW I understand why we are being 'allowed' to die in such vast numbers! They had a 'cunning plan' all along! #COVID19 #oldies #coronavirus #ToryScum #BorisJohnson #JohnsonResign,
Money earnin’ Mount Vernon!,
Stay with 70NEWS,
Recently, we sat down with ajayiMD and Dr. Kate Burke to talk about COVID-19 and the importance of diversity in research. Here are some key takeaways for healthcare providers that will help improve healthcare equity. Be sure to watch the webinar here:,
_orzy Earlier this morning I cried over  snow . I think we’ve reached a stage of the pandemic where we are so very starved for the happy neurochemicals.,
I don't know how you can stand in front of a podium, call the new COVID-19 variants "extremely contagious," yet still think it's okay to have kids in classes of 30, less than 2m apart.,
dgarStair The squaddies aren't the problem, they've been helping on the front line since the pandemic started. The problem is the condescending Tory shills in the self-styled "UK Government in Scotland" who are trying make us out to be a helpless basket case needing military assistance.,
Comparison between #Kenya &amp; #Ethiopia eurobond due 2024 telling a story. Yields recovered from pandemic market freeze in Mar-May 2020. Conflict led to spike for Ethiopia in Nov-20 &amp; now news of joining common framework for debt workout has fuelled fear bond investors take haircut,
We,the citizens of Myanmar are totally against the current action of Military Coup.We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need Justice, freedom &amp; a better future #SaveMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #RejectTheMilitary,
Dear Nigerian Law School Student, Yours is a peculiar case. Resuming school in the middle of a pandemic to a startling calendar and even I was shocked when I first saw the timetable. But you've got to move past the shock, and quickly, as hard as that would be.,
#CovidVaccineForPakistan The first batch of coronavirus vaccine has reached Pakistan from China today umz_Rao MF__Rocks_,
rtyirishtactx 1WIRE esseZurawell tracey He doesn't believe the pandemic is real. It's his pinned tweet. You can leave it at that &amp; block him.,
With my history graduate hat on, I think I'd argue the most remarkable feature of our experience of this pandemic in the Western world is that this is the first time we've had the fiscal and economic capacity to implement restrictions like these on this scale and for this long.,
arackObama sir this month my sister marriage I have nothing money for wedding..during pandemic my family bank balance have been disturbed.. I have been convention to people for explain problems but did not solve problem..could you help me sir?,
"owaGOP doesn’t want to hear from grandmas, grandpas, and everyone who is at high risk or concerned about contracting coronavirus at the Capitol." -- Iowa Alliance for Retired Americans Read all about it: ASenateGOP AHouseGOP AGovernor,
OK — Ontario reports 745 COVID-19 cases Tues w 14 deaths. With the caveats below, the 7-day avg is down to 1,746 cases daily or 84 weekly per 100k. The 7-day avg for deaths is down to 47.0/day. Labs have 28,552 completed tests (fewest since Nov. 24) w. 4.6% positive (also low),
Many seniors have reportedly died shortly after getting the experimental COVID-19 vaccine. Could there be a link?,
Sputnik V COVID-19 vaccine candidate appears safe and effective - The Lancet ,
His failures have caused Canada immeasurable damages. PC_HQ,
Millions of refugees and internally displaced people live in parts of the world where the COVID-19 pandemic is having the biggest impact on poverty.,
Excl: uthieHenshall lays bare the 'guilt &amp; unbearable pain' of knowing her mum is dying of #dementia but is unable to see her as arrietHarman &amp; ightsforresid2 demand urgent law change to end the care home access scandal which is a 'breach of human rights' #coronavirus,
We,the citizens of Myanmar are totally against the current action of Military Coup.We voted with all of our hearts despite global pandemic and the result spoke our hearts.We need Justice, freedom &amp; a better future #SaveMyanmar #AungSanSuuKyi_government #RejectTheMilitary,
"It is hard to imagine how the government’s handling of the pandemic could have been more catastrophic" eorgeMonbiot Please check out my latest show at this link:- + please like, comment, share. Stay awesome and #KeepitLite ;) #COVID19 #COVID19 #Covid_19,
arethArdern1 Not allowed mate, pandemic innit,
We’re pleased to announce that we have commissioned a piece of research on education and training. niofGreenwich will be looking at course and placement provider experiences of specialist regulation ahead of the launch of our 2021 standards and their COVID-19 responses. (1/3),
#DYK Each day 8 children die from gun violence in America. Gun violence and school shootings are a uniquely American epidemic. Sandy Hook Promise is shining a light on these important facts and statistics. #EndGunViolence #GVSurvivorsWeek,
Anyone got any good guesses why the IA can not confirm or deny they have records about the #COVID19 #pandemic? I'm at a loss on that one...  #FOIA,
We in ovid19critical find that benefits of some interventions in medicine, although rare, are detectable.. without need for large RCT's. Ivermectin's impacts in COVID-19 is one of them my friends.. more docs are "seeing" it with their very own eyes..,
After starting a fire the size of San Bernardino County through their deliberate mishandling of this pandemic, Republicans are now arguing for smaller water drops. It's the Republican Party that must burn to the ground. #COVIDReliefBill,
Missouri Republican busted for selling bogus COVID-19 treatment,
Taiwan just reported its first COVID-19 death since May of 2020. Can you imagine what the United States would be like if it were a developed nation?,
Now we know just how much Ivanka and Jared were making on the side while using taxpayer dollars to travel and stay at Trump properties during the ongoing pandemic.,
As much as i love money, I’m going to have to vote for the pandemic to end,
there's a difference between "stay inside for 2 months because of an unprecedented biological pandemic" and "stay inside for 2 years because the government is too cruel and incompetent to care about your life",
Britain begins door-to-door COVID-19 testing of 80,000 people on Tuesday in a bid to stem the spread of a new highly infectious so-called South African variant of the novel coronavirus,
Canada signs deal with Novavax to make its COVID-19 vaccine at new Montreal facility,
The vaccine shortage doesn't need to exist. Pfizer and Moderna could share their design with the dozens of other pharma companies who stand ready to produce their vaccines and end the pandemic.,
Democrats are preparing to use a process called reconciliation to pass a $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief bill. Here's a guide to the reconciliation process and how it works:,
So influencers influenced the numbers abi wetin dey sup?,
neruel was it difficult w the pandemic to record the video?,
Ontario reports fewer than 1,000 new COVID-19 cases for the first time in nearly three months. However, a data correction from Toronto Public Health has resulted in a significant underestimation of today's cases.,
